c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.exe.config
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.exe
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.pdb
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.xml
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.g.resources
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.exe
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.xml
c:\users\jeffreyyao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.pdb
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\OneDrive\VS\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\bin\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.exe.config
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\OneDrive\VS\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.exe
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\OneDrive\VS\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.xml
C:\Users\Jeffreyyao\OneDrive\VS\WpfEatingSnake\WpfEatingSnake\obj\Debug\WpfEatingSnake.pdb
